# Thinking, Cloud, Tools models · Ollama

Popular Newest

⇅

Thinking, Cloud, Tools models · Ollama

Thinking, Cloud, Tools models on Ollama.

 Cloud

 Embedding

 Vision

 Tools

 Thinking

Popular Newest

-   [
    
    ## kimi-k2.6
    
    Kimi K2.6 is an open-source, native multimodal agentic model that advances practical capabilities in long-horizon coding, coding-driven design, proactive autonomous execution, and swarm-based task orchestration.
    
    vision tools thinking cloud
    
    26.1K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  2 days ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/kimi-k2.6)
-   [
    
    ## glm-5.1
    
    GLM-5.1 is our next-generation flagship model for agentic engineering, with significantly stronger coding capabilities than its predecessor. It achieves state-of-the-art performance on SWE-Bench Pro and leads GLM-5 by a wide margin.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    107K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  2 weeks ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/glm-5.1)
-   [
    
    ## gemma4
    
    Gemma 4 models are designed to deliver frontier-level performance at each size. They are well-suited for reasoning, agentic workflows, coding, and multimodal understanding.
    
    vision tools thinking audio cloud e2b e4b 26b 31b
    
    4.7M  Pulls 29  Tags Updated  1 week ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/gemma4)
-   [
    
    ## qwen3.5
    
    Qwen 3.5 is a family of open-source multimodal models that delivers exceptional utility and performance.
    
    vision tools thinking cloud 0.8b 2b 4b 9b 27b 35b 122b
    
    6.9M  Pulls 58  Tags Updated  3 weeks ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/qwen3.5)
-   [
    
    ## nemotron-3-super
    
    NVIDIA Nemotron 3 Super is a 120B open MoE model activating just 12B parameters to deliver maximum compute efficiency and accuracy for complex multi-agent applications.
    
    tools thinking cloud 120b
    
    239.9K  Pulls 7  Tags Updated  1 month ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/nemotron-3-super)
-   [
    
    ## qwen3-next
    
    The first installment in the Qwen3-Next series with strong performance in terms of both parameter efficiency and inference speed.
    
    tools thinking cloud 80b
    
    525.9K  Pulls 10  Tags Updated  4 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/qwen3-next)
-   [
    
    ## minimax-m2.7
    
    MiniMax's M2-series model for coding, agentic workflows, and professional productivity.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    92K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  1 month ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/minimax-m2.7)
-   [
    
    ## kimi-k2.5
    
    Kimi K2.5 is an open-source, native multimodal agentic model that seamlessly integrates vision and language understanding with advanced agentic capabilities, instant and thinking modes, as well as conversational and agentic paradigms.
    
    vision tools thinking cloud
    
    256K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  2 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/kimi-k2.5)
-   [
    
    ## nemotron-3-nano
    
    Nemotron-3-Nano is a new Standard for Efficient, Open, and Intelligent Agentic Models, now updated with a 4B parameter count model.
    
    tools thinking cloud 4b 30b
    
    403.5K  Pulls 9  Tags Updated  1 month ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/nemotron-3-nano)
-   [
    
    ## glm-5
    
    A strong reasoning and agentic model from Z.ai with 744B total parameters (40B active), built for complex systems engineering and long-horizon tasks.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    192.4K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  2 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/glm-5)
-   [
    
    ## minimax-m2.5
    
    MiniMax-M2.5 is a state-of-the-art large language model designed for real-world productivity and coding tasks.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    164.5K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  2 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/minimax-m2.5)
-   [
    
    ## gemini-3-flash-preview
    
    Gemini 3 Flash offers frontier intelligence built for speed at a fraction of the cost.
    
    vision tools thinking cloud
    
    138.2K  Pulls 2  Tags Updated  4 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/gemini-3-flash-preview)
-   [
    
    ## glm-4.7
    
    Advancing the Coding Capability
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    91.9K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  4 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/glm-4.7)
-   [
    
    ## deepseek-v3.2
    
    DeepSeek-V3.2, a model that harmonizes high computational efficiency with superior reasoning and agent performance.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    83.9K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  4 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/deepseek-v3.2)
-   [
    
    ## minimax-m2
    
    MiniMax M2 is a high-efficiency large language model built for coding and agentic workflows.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    101.7K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  5 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/minimax-m2)
-   [
    
    ## kimi-k2-thinking
    
    Kimi K2 Thinking, Moonshot AI's best open-source thinking model.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    56.1K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  5 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/kimi-k2-thinking)
-   [
    
    ## gpt-oss
    
    OpenAI’s open-weight models designed for powerful reasoning, agentic tasks, and versatile developer use cases.
    
    tools thinking cloud 20b 120b
    
    9M  Pulls 5  Tags Updated  6 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/gpt-oss)
-   [
    
    ## qwen3-vl
    
    The most powerful vision-language model in the Qwen model family to date.
    
    vision tools thinking cloud 2b 4b 8b 30b 32b 235b
    
    3.4M  Pulls 59  Tags Updated  5 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/qwen3-vl)
-   [
    
    ## deepseek-v3.1
    
    DeepSeek-V3.1-Terminus is a hybrid model that supports both thinking mode and non-thinking mode.
    
    tools thinking cloud 671b
    
    653.8K  Pulls 8  Tags Updated  6 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/deepseek-v3.1)
-   [
    
    ## glm-4.6
    
    Advanced agentic, reasoning and coding capabilities.
    
    tools thinking cloud
    
    105.8K  Pulls 1  Tag Updated  6 months ago
    
    
    
    ](/library/glm-4.6)